(INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(WHOOSHING)
(CLOCK TICKING)
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(HOWLING)
(WHISTLING)
(GLASS SHATTERS)
(CAT MEOWS)
(SIGHS)
(CONTINUES WHISTLING)
(SLURPING)
(HEAVY BREATHING)
(CREAKING)
(SLURPING)
(BUZZING)
(BEEPING)
(KETTLE WHISTLING)
(CREAKING)
(BUZZING)
(CRANKING)
(ENGINE REVVING)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(SNARLING)
Ho-ho!
Cracking job, Gromit.
Hang on, old chum.
What's going on?
Who is it?
WALLACE: Reel him in, lad.
To me. To me.
Gotcha! Thieving monster.
(SNARLING)
(GIGGLES)
(DOOR OPENS)
Ooh! Me prize pumpkin.
Me little baby.
Me pride and joy.
You've saved it,
Anti-Pesto.
(SNIFFING)
It was nothing
at all, Mrs... Oh!
Everything's under control.
Ah! Oh, no!
Don't worry, madam.
Ahhh!
(SQUEALS)
(MRS. MULCH SIGHS)
Thank you, Mr. Wallace.
All in a night's work,
Mrs. Mulch.
Huh?
Ah!
Cute little feller,
isn't he?
You'd never believe
they'd cause so much damage.
WALLACE: Oh, he may
look innocent, sir.
But left to his own devices,
this is the ultimate
vegetable-destroying machine.
Hee!
MRS. MULCH: Oh!
Reg, me teeth!
Job well done,
lad. (CHUCKLES)
Subject disarmed
and neutralized.
(APPLAUSE)
Bless you, Anti-Pesto.
With you out there
protecting our veg,
the most important event
of the year is safe.
Aye. And I hope they give
them pests what's
coming to 'em, and all.
Amen to that,
Mrs. Mulch.
(GRUNTS)
(MUTTERING AND SLURPING)
RABBIT: Whee!
(RATTLING)
(ALL GASP)
RABBITS: Whee!
(SCREECHING AND GIGGLING)
(CLATTERING)
(GIGGLING)
(RABBITS LAUGHING)
(BLOWS RASPBERRY)
RABBITS: Oh! Whee!
(BUZZING)
It was a long, hard night
last night, Gromit.
I'll need a good, hearty
breakfast under me belt.
Pile it up, lad.
I'm in the mood for food!
Oh, uh...
Gromit, old pal.
(CHUCKLES)
It's happened again.
I'll need assistance.
Ow! (GROANS)
(SIGHS)
(ELECTRONIC WHIRRING)
Ah. Oh!
Well, thanks, chuck.
I'm sure that hole's
getting smaller.
Ah!
Another successful night.
How are the inmates?
Must be getting
a bit full down there.
(WALLACE'S STOMACH GROWLS)
(CHUCKLES)
Talking of which.
Now, for a great
big plate of...
...vegetables.
A-ha!
Still got me
on the diet, eh, Gromit?
Watching me shape? (LAUGHS)
There's a good dog.
Oh, oh! Uh...
Gromit, lad?
How is that prize marrow
of yours coming on?
Must be a while
since you measured it.
(BEEPING)
Mmm! Lovely food.
For rabbits, that is.
As for me, I need
something a bit more cheesy.
A-ha!
(CHUCKLES) Ooh!
(SNAPPING)
WALLACE: Oh!
Oh! (GROANING)
Caught red-handed, eh, lad?
(SIGHS) I'm sorry, Gromit.
I know you're doing this
for my own good,
but the fact is, I'm just
crackers about cheese.
Look, if I must
change me ways,
at least let me do it my way.
(BEEPS)
With technology.
It's time we tried
my latest invention,
the Mind Manipulation-omatic.
Ha!
It extracts unwanted
thoughts and desires.
I haven't tested it yet,
but it should
be perfectly safe.
Just a bit of harmless
brain alteration, that's all.
(RINGING)
Uh-oh!
Anti-Pesto
Humane Pest Control.
How might we be of assistance?
Ah, yes. Lady Tottington here
of Tottington Hall.
Your Ladyship.
This is an honor.
Oh! Ow!
It's a disaster.
I have the most
terrible rabbit problem.
The competition's only
days away. You simply
have to do something.
Certainly, ma'am.
I think we're about to go
up in the world, lad.
Just stay right where you are,
Your Ladyship,
and we'll be with you
in an... (SCREAMS)
In an hour?
I can't wait an hour.
I have a major infestation.
Hmm? Hello? Hello?
Hmm.
(DOORBELL RINGING)
Ah. That's more like it.
Thank goodness you've... Oh.
What ho! (LAUGHS)
For you, my love.
Victor. How lovely and...
unexpected.
Heard you had
a spot of rabbit bother
and tootled straight on over
to sort the blighters out.
Gosh, that's awfully
sweet of you.
But you really needn't bother.
It's no bother,
little boo-boo.
It's the least a chap
can do for his filly.
Don't want pests spoiling
our beautiful manor house,
do we?
"Our" manor house?
No one's mentioned
marriage, Victor.
(CHUCKLING)
All in good time, my dear.
Vermin first, though,
what what.
Come on, Phillip.
(GRUNTS)
Victor!
We can deal
with this humanely.
WALLACE: Oh-ho! Very classy.
Just the sort of client
we should be
dealing with, eh, lad?
Oh.
Burrowing bounders!
They must be breeding like...
...well, rabbits.
Only one thing for it, lad.
(WHIRRING)
Victor, hadn't we agreed?
Hmm.
No more thoughtless killing.
Quite right, my dear.
So I've thought
this one through
very carefully.
It's off to bunny heaven
for you, big ears.
(YELPS)
Victor! No!
(WHIMPERING)
Ah!
What the...
WALLACE: Champion sucker,
eh, Gromit?
The Bun Vac 6000.
(SQUEAKING) Whee!
This'll impress Her Ladyship.
I don't understand. It should
have been a bull's-eye.
Oh, Victor. I felt
we'd made a real breakthrough
with this hunting obsession
of yours. I really thought
you'd changed.
I'm sorry, Campanula,
but I am what I am.
There's no nonsense
with Victor Quartermaine.
What you see is what you get.
(SCREAMS)
What the...
(GASPS)
(RATTLING)
Sounds like
a really big brute, this one.
Give it some more welly.
(GROWLING AND BARKING)
Gosh!
(VICTOR BABBLING)
(BARKING)
(YELPS)
(VICTOR BABBLING)
(GASPS)
Maybe I should've
used a bigger nozzle.
TOTTINGTON: Oh!
Anti-Pesto, you're here.
Oh!
Your Ladyship.
My darlings!
You're safe.
Oh.
TOTTINGTON: My word!
What a fabulous job
you've done. And not
a single one harmed.
Ah, the old BV6000, ma'am.
Capable of 125 RPM.
That's "rabbits per minute."
How inspired!
Mister...
Oh, Wallace.
Mr. Wallace.
Mmm.
Is this all of them?
Oh.
Uh, just one left.
Hoist her up, Gromit.
(WHIRRING)
(VICTOR GROANS)
(GASPS)
(GRUNTS)
TOTTINGTON: Victor, stop
fooling around in the dirt
and have a look at this.
The ingenious Anti-Pesto
have completely dealt
with my rabbit problem.
Isn't it marvelous?
Marvelous?
"Marvelous"?
This confounded contraption
virtually suffocated me!
Besides, the job's
only half done.
How do you intend
to finish these vermin off?
Crush 'em?
Liquidize 'em?
They're humane.
"Humane"?
Well, then perhaps
they'd be humane enough
to give me back my dignity.
I want...
(SIGHS)
(WHISPERS) Toupee, please.
Oh, grand. Uh,
we take check or cash.
"Toupee," you idiot!
My hair is in your machine.
Oh, no,
it's only rabbits in there.
The hare, I think you'll find,
is a much larger mammal.
(GROWLING)
Out of my way, fool.
I'm sorry, my dear,
but I refuse to suffer
any further humiliation
at the hands of these
blundering nitwits.
I therefore bid you good day.
(GROWLS AND SCOFFS)
TOTTINGTON: Thank you
for ridding me of
a real problem, Mr. Wallace.
Tell me, what exactly will you
do with all these rabbits?
Oh, uh...
Trade secret. (CHUCKLES)
Yes. I'd be happy to let them
roam free if it wasn't
for the competition.
But they do so love their veg.
It's in their little bunny
natures, and you can't change
that, can you? (LAUGHS)
No. (LAUGHS)
(CAR ENGINE STARTS)
(GASPS)
Or can you?
Why didn't we think of it
before, lad?
The solution to all
our storage problems.
(CHUCKLES)
Simply by connecting
the Bun Vac
to the Mind
Manipulation-omatic,
we can brainwash the bunnies.
(LAUGHS)
Rabbit rehabilitation.
Once cured of their antisocial
veg-ravaging behavior,
the rabbits can be safely
released without fear
of re-offending.
Just a little added
lunar power to enhance
the mind waves...
(WHIRRING)
...and we can begin.
Veg, bad.
Say no to carrots,
cabbage and cauliflower.
Well, come on, lad,
what are you waiting for?
Turn on the Bun Vac.
Full suction.
Ah.
(GRUNTING)
It's working, Gromit.
Oh! It's working!
Ho-ho!
Their tiny bunny brains
are being saturated
in my veg-free mind waves.
Huh?
RABBITS: Huh?
Another 30 minutes'
brainwashing should suffice.
Then we can move on
to the conditioning.
(BEEPS)
(GASPS)
(RABBITS GASP)
Ooh!
RABBITS: Ooh!
(RATTLING)
(SCREAMS)
Gromit!
(YELPING)
Switch it off!
RABBIT: Whee!
Get it off!
(YELPING)
Get it off me, lad!
(CONTINUES YELPING)
(SHATTERS)
Oh, thanks, lad.
(RABBIT WHIMPERING)
(STRAINING)
(GRUNTS)
(PANTING)
Quick.
Give us a carrot.
(WHIMPERING)
(SNIFFING)
Ugh.
Ah! It worked, Gromit!
A reformed rabbit.
We'll call him Hutch.
Shall we? (CHUCKLES)
Come on.
Let's get the kettle on.
We'll see to him
in the morning.
(SQUEAKING)
Ho-ho! I feel
we're on the cusp
of a real breakthrough, lad.
Mankind freed from
rabbit problems forever.
(CHUCKLES)
Lady Tottington
will be impressed.
(CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(SIGHS)
(BEEPING)
Good night.
(BEEPS)
Sleep tight.
And don't let
the bedbugs bite.
(BEEPS)
(OWL HOOTING)
WALLACE:
Good night, Gromit.
Sweet dreams, old chum.
(THUMPING)
(RATTLING)
(ALL WHIMPERING)
(WOOD SPLINTERS)
VICAR: Protect
and nourish the frail
and the weak, O Lord.
Let them grow big and strong
under Thy loving care.
In fact, let them grow
bigger and stronger
than anyone else's,
so that the first prize
might be mine.
Amen.
A harvest offering
to bind the deal. (CHUCKLES)
(SINGING) We plow
the fields and scatter
the good seed on...
(TWIG SNAPS)
Huh?
(OWL HOOTING)
Hmm.
(CLEARS THROAT)
(BEEPS)
(HUMMING)
(EXHALES)
(SLURPING)
(CHUCKLES)
(SINGING) He sends the snow
in winter...
(HEAVY BREATHING)
(CONTINUES SINGING)
All good gifts around us
Are sent from...
(CREAKING)
Heavens above.
Hello?
(RATTLING)
Hello? Is anybody there?
(BELCHING)
Mrs. Mulch?
Please, come forward,
whoever you are.
(SLURPING)
There's no need to be afraid.
Ah! You're hungry.
Then please,
take what you like.
It is for the needy,
after all. (CHUCKLES)
(GASPS)
(WHIMPERING)
No! No! No! No!
Mercy!
(MUNCHING)
Ah!
(GOBBLING AND CHEWING)
(GRUNTS)
(CLANGS)
(BELCHES)
(ALARM BLARING)
(ALARM RINGING)
(ALARMS WAILING)
(SHATTERS)
(ALARMS BEEPING)
(BUZZING)
(THUD)
WALLACE: Ow!
Morning, Gromit.
(ALARMS CONTINUE BEEPING)
A pest-free night per...
chance?
Whoa.
Lumme day.
(ALL SHOUTING)
It's a disaster.
Me garden's ruined.
It's carnage out there.
Where were Anti-Pesto?
Simmer down.
Simmer down, now.
Right. One at a time,
if ya please.
We paid good money
for our crop protection.
If ya can't deliver the goods,
maybe you should keep
your traps shut.
MAN: Oh, I never saw
such cauliflower carnage.
Worse than the
Great Slug Blight of '32,
when there were slugs
the size of pigs.
Growbag's right.
The slugs are back!
MAN: The slugs are back!
(ALL CLAMORING)
That's enough!
Look, this flippin'
vegetable competition
causes nothin'
but trouble every year.
Here we go.
If ya ask me...
MAN: Get on with ya!
Know what? I'll tell ya.
If ya ask me, this was arson.
Arson?
Aye!
Someone "arsin'" around.
(CHUCKLES)
(ALL GASP)
That's right.
One of you lot. A man.
VICAR: This was no man.
(ALL GASP)
(CREAKING)
Does a man have teeth
the size of ax blades?
(ALL GASP)
Or ears like
terrible tombstones?
(GULPS)
By tampering with nature,
forcing vegetables to swell
far beyond their natural size,
we have brought a terrible
judgment upon ourselves.
(ORGAN PLAYS DRAMATIC MUSIC)
Hey! Give over!
Mental.
And for our sins,
a hideous creature
has been sent
to punish us all!
Repent! Repent!
(MAN YELPS)
Lest you too,
taste the wrath of...
...the Were-Rabbit!
(WIND WHOOSHING)
WOMAN: This is terrible!
What's going to happen to us?
VICAR: Doomed!
Who's going to help us?
What's to become
of the vegetable show?
We live for that competition.
Get off me.
We're simple folk.
It's all we have.
Who will save us?
Get... Hey!
(GUNSHOT)
(ALL GASP)
(CHUCKLES) A were-rabbit?
Oh, come, come, now.
I do believe the Vicar's been
to the communion wine again.
(SHATTERS)
(GASPS)
What we are dealing with here
is no supernatural rabbit.
It's a big fellow, perhaps.
But a mortal creature
of flesh and blood.
(ALL GASP)
A matter easily dealt with
by a hunter.
(ALL MURMURING)
Guns will not be necessary,
thank you, Victor.
Hasn't there been
enough destruction?
I believe the killing
of fluffy creatures
is never justified.
I say we give Anti-Pesto
a second chance.
What? How on Earth would
those tiny-minded buffoons
ever catch
such a big rabbit?
Mr. Wallace?
Oh!
Oh...
(WOOD CREAKING)
Ooh, well...
With a big trap.
By Jove. He's...
He's got it!
Genius!
Brilliant.
What a great idea!
Hmm. Clever.
You see, Victor,
there's hope
for the vegetables yet.
Not the ones I'm looking at.
That's me boys!
(CHUCKLES)
(GASPS)
WALLACE: Ah! Love, Gromit.
That's the biggest
trap of all.
The "tender trap,"
they call it.
And that's what we'll use
to catch this thing.
Yes, lad, a lovely
lady rabbit. (CHUCKLES)
How could
any hot-blooded
rabbit-beast resist?
(GASPS)
Oh, come on, Gromit.
A bit more,
you know, alluring.
Ho-ho!
Very cheeky.
Ha-ha!
That's more like it, lad.
How can we possibly
fail now?
You're a total knockout.
(THUD)
Oops!
Stick around, lad.
Should fix back
on quite easily.
(WALLACE HUMMING)
(CLICKING)
(LIGHT BUZZING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER ON RADIO)
(MUSIC PLAYS ON RADIO)
(CRASHING)
(TURNS RADIO OFF)
(CREAKING)
(OWL HOOTING)
(HONKING)
(ELECTRIC FIZZLING)
(STARTING ENGINE)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(GALLOPING)
Nighty-night,
me lovelies.
Think big now.
(GASPS)
(SCREAMING)
No!
(ENGINE REVVING)
(RATTLING)
(DOG BARKING IN DISTANCE)
(CREAKING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(PHONES RINGING)
WALLACE: Don't worry.
No. No.
Well, I'm very sorry,
Mrs. Mulch.
We'll get there
as soon as we can.
Mr. Dibber. Oh, yes.
Can I call you back?
Mrs. Girdling.
A tunnel you say?
What do you intend
to do about this?
Oh! I'll look into it.
(ALARMS BEEPING)
So where did you get to, lad?
I thought I told you
to stay put.
It's gone mad around here.
I thought we were
supposed to be a team.
How are we ever
gonna catch this thing
if you go gallivanting off
on your own all the time?
(GROANS)
You're doing it again!
Where are you going now?
Gromit!
(RABBITS WHIMPERING)
Really, lad.
You do realize I've made
a personal promise
to Lady Tottington.
How is this sort of behavior
going to get us
any nearer to finding
a rabbit-monster?
(SNORING)
(CLATTERS)
Hutch.
(GULPS)
Oh, Gromit.
We've created a monster.
Hutch is the beast.
The lunar panels.
They must've over-stimulated
Hutch's primitive
bunny nature.
And now,
when the moon appears,
he undergoes
a hideous transformation.
(GRUNTING)
Huh?
(HUTCH GROANING)
(ALL WHIMPER)
(BELCHING)
(SNIFFS)
(ALL SIGH)
Oh, Gromit.
Oh.
Oh, this is absolutely...
...fantastic!
Don't you see, lad?
Okay, so we've created
a veg-ravaging rabbit-monster.
But we've also captured it.
Just like I promised
Lady Tottington.
I'll go and tell her
the good news.
Make sure he doesn't escape.
Bye!
(HICCUPS)
(CREAKING)
(RINGING)
Mr. Wallace.
It's the beast, Your Ladyship.
I bring great news.
Gosh, how exciting.
Please, do come in.
Well, this is
simply spiffing news.
With the beast in captivity,
the competition can
go ahead as planned.
You saved the day,
Mr. Wallace.
It was nothing,
Your Ladyship.
So modest. (CHUCKLES)
Oh, please,
do help yourself.
Oh!
Thanks.
I so appreciate
you coming all this way
to let me know, Wallace.
Tell me, are you
a vegetable-lover yourself?
They're... growing
on me. (CHUCKLES)
Then come with me.
There's something very special
I want to show you.
Oh!
Hop in.
It's very snug.
It's my Jacob's ladder.
(DINGS)
And it goes
all the way to heaven.
(GASPS)
Welcome to my
inner sanctum, Wallace.
My secret garden. Hmm!
It's a veritable,
vegetable paradise.
I just knew you'd love it.
Unlike Victor.
He's never shown
any interest in my produce.
Oh! His loss, Lady Tottington.
Please, Wallace.
Call me "Totty."
(CHUCKLES)
(SLURPS)
TOTTINGTON: If anything
were to happen
to my vegetables,
I don't know what I'd do.
I'm sure you understand,
Mr. Wallace.
I can see that you're
a true nature lover.
Oh, yes. Yes, I am.
TOTTINGTON: At first,
I thought
I could change Victor.
Now I'm not so sure.
Oh!
Do you think a man
can change, Wallace?
Change? Oh!
Oh, yes.
Really, Phillip.
The things one does for love.
(LAUGHING)
(HUMMING)
(GRUNTS)
Pesto.
(TOTTINGTON LAUGHING)
TOTTINGTON: Mr. Wallace.
WALLACE: Oh, Totty.
"Totty"? (GRUNTS)
(GROWLS)
I'd like to show you
one last thing.
Something no other man
has ever seen.
Oh!
My carrot de Chantenay.
(GASPS)
TOTTINGTON:
Just smell it, Wallace.
Feel its silken flesh.
(SNIFFING) Oh, yes.
Isn't it the most sumptuous,
succulent specimen
you've ever seen?
WALLACE: Yes!
Doesn't it fill your heart
with desire?
WALLACE: Yes!
Just imagine
what it would taste like.
(BOTH YELP)
WALLACE: What on Earth
were you thinkin' of, lad?
Ruined a perfectly good
piece of fashionable
knitwear, that did.
To say nothing
of a relationship
with an important client.
It's lucky for us Her Ladyship
was so understanding.
Honestly, I don't know
what's got into you lately.
And slow down
for pity's sake.
You'll buckle me trunnions.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Hmm?
Don't worry.
I'll see to this.
You stay here
where you belong.
In the doghouse.
(CAR DOOR SLAMS)
(OWL HOOTING)
Right.
(STRAINING)
It's heavier than it looks.
(CONTINUES STRAINING)
(YELPS)
I know your
little secret, Pesto.
I know exactly
what's going on.
Your Lordship...
Oh, yes. You think you can
pilfer my filly, don't you?
(GROWLING)
You think you can con
an innocent woman
out of her fortune?
Who, me? (GASPS)
Well, I got here first!
I've spent a long time
reeling in that fluffy-headed
bunny-lover.
And I'm not
about to let some
puddle-headed peasant
poach her from me.
Comprenez?
Oh, uh, right-o.
I'll be off then. Ta-ta.
You're not going
anywhere, Pesto.
(SCREAMS) Ow!
Not until I've taught you
a jolly good lesson.
(WHIMPERS)
(LAUGHS)
Come on! Queensberry rules!
Put 'em up,
ya little pipsqueak.
(WHIMPERING)
(VICTOR LAUGHS)
VICTOR: You're shaking.
Don't tell me
you're a scaredy-cat
as well as a scoundrel.
(WALLACE WHIMPERING)
VICTOR: And don't think acting
like a big girl's blouse
will get you out of it.
There's no mercy
with Victor Quartermaine.
(GRUNTS)
Huh?
(VICTOR SCREAMING)
What the dickens?
(GRUNTING)
What on Earth...
Ooh!
(GRUNTING)
(WHIMPERING)
(WHIMPERS)
(ROARING)
(SCREAMS)
Phillip! Attack!
(WHIMPERING)
Attack!
What the...
(WHIMPERING)
(GRUNTS)
(HOWLING)
(ALL HOWLING)
(GRUNTING)
Hmm?
(SNIFFING)
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(CAR ENGINE STARTS)
(SCREAMS)
Vicar!
Vicar! Oh,
where the devil is he?
Do you want to confess?
I want to talk to you about...
...the beast.
(GASPS)
Everything you need to know
is in this book.
VICAR: "Nun Wrestling."
(STAMMERS) No.
I meant this one.
(THUNDER RUMBLES)
(VICAR MUMBLES)
Huh.
Ugh.
Ha!
(THUNDER RUMBLES)
Here it is.
The hideous monster
plaguing our parish.
The Were-Rabbit.
(WHIMPERS)
So it's true.
The beast lurks
within all of us, my child.
The side that emerges
at night as the moon
rises into the sky.
The side that
savagely rips the leaves
off any innocent cabbage.
Spare me the sermon, Vicar.
Just tell me how I kill him.
(STAMMERS) I mean "it."
To kill such a creature
would require
nerves of steel
and...
...a bullet.
(THUNDER RUMBLES)
A bullet?
A bullet.
(THUNDER RUMBLES)
A bull... Oh!
What kind of bullet?
A bullet of pure gold.
Gold.
Yes.
Twenty-four karat.
(LAUGHING)
Oh!
Get out of my way.
Silly, old fool.
Beware!
Beware of the beast within!
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(ALARM BUZZING)
(MACHINERY WHIRRING)
Hee-hee!
Ha-ha!
Perfect re-entry, Gromit.
This veg diet's
doing the trick, eh, lad?
I feel smashing.
(MUNCHING) Mmm.
So how's our
rabbit-monster, hmm?
(CHUCKLES)
Hope you're keeping
an eye on him.
(CLOCK TICKING)
Hmm.
Uh...
What's up, dog?
(YELPS)
Well, fancy that.
Rabbit ears.
That is a bit odd.
And what are you
tryin' to say, lad?
What?
What? You think
that I'm the...
(STAMMERS)
(LAUGHS)
Because of these?
Oh, no.
No. This is just a reaction
to that healthy veg diet
you've got me on.
It's the toxins coming out.
Silly, old pooch. (LAUGHS)
Thinking I'm the beast.
Next thing you'll be saying
is that Hutch
is turning into me.
(LAUGHING)
(CLANGS)
WALLACE: Hey.
What are you doing, lad?
Have you gone completely mad?
HUTCH: Cheese!
(GASPS)
"Cheese"?
(THUDDING)
Huh?
(GASPS)
(GULPS)
Ooh!
I do like
a bit of Gorgonzola.
Oh, dear.
Perfect.
Ma'am.
Now, let's see.
Coming through!
(LAUGHS)
The tombola's arrived.
And the bouncy
Tottington Hall.
Splendid.
Oh, it's going to be such
a jolly competition tonight.
I just know it.
Ya don't know nothin'.
(GASPS) What?
The beast has struck again.
That's what.
That's right!
(ALL CLAMORING)
No, you're quite mistaken,
Mrs. Mulch.
The beast is in captivity.
Oh, yeah?
Then just take a look
at my wife's brassicas.
(ALL GASP)
Ravaged in the night.
But I don't understand.
Anti-Pesto told me...
A pack of lies!
It's not safe to bring
our vegetables here.
The show's off.
(ALL CLAMORING)
But this is simply
dreadful news.
The Tottingtons have held
a giant vegetable competition
on this very night
for over 500 years.
That's right.
Not even the Great Duck Plague
of '53 stopped it.
Oh.
If only there were
another way.
(YELPING)
VICTOR: What ho!
(ALL GASP)
MAN: It's Quartermaine.
Heard you had
a spot of rabbit bother.
(BLOWING)
(ALL MURMURING)
(WALLACE MUMBLES)
Didn't this bit used to...
(SIGHS)
Now. Now, let's see.
Uh...
Oh, where does this part go?
Oh!
(SNIFFING)
Huh?
Oh, it's hopeless.
I'll never fix
this flippin' machine.
Oh!
Me mind's just
a rabbit-y mush.
(SNIFFLES) Oh, Gromit.
I don't wanna
be a giant rabbit!
(BLOWS NOSE)
(SOBBING)
Oh!
The bounce is gone
from his bungee.
(WALLACE CONTINUES SOBBING)
HUTCH: Hey, Pesto!
Rabbit rehabilitation.
But if I can't fix it...
Cheddar.
...maybe the other me can!
I'm inventing, mostly.
Look at me go! Ho-ho!
I'm a genius.
(DOORBELL RINGS)
(GASPS)
Oh, heck! I can't
answer the door.
Not like this.
Charming. I'm Wallace.
(GASPS) I already am!
Hutch!
(GASPS)
Geronimo!
Huh? Wallace?
Uh, hang on a mo'.
(GASPS)
Wallace?
Hello? I say.
Open this door at once.
Oh! (CHUCKLES)
Totty.
Uh, "Lady Tottington,"
if you don't mind.
Oh.
I'm afraid I have some
rather bad news, Wallace.
Thing is, well,
you've rather let me down with
this beastly beast business.
(SIGHS) I suppose I have.
Yes.
It's obvious to me
that you have
absolutely no idea
where this poor creature is.
And I'm afraid
you've given me no option
but to let Victor
shoot the poor thing.
(STAMMERS) Shoot it?
(SNIFFLES) Yes.
Wasn't an easy choice,
but the veg competition
has to come first.
Besides, Victor's
promised me it won't suffer.
It will be quick and painless.
How thoughtful.
I cannot deny it was
a difficult decision for me.
Because I've recently
developed...
Hurry!
...feelings for you.
Feelings?
Oh, well, never mind, eh?
(CHUCKLES) Ta-ra, then.
Wait! Wallace.
I haven't finished yet.
There's so much more
that needs to be said.
Well, I'll give you a tinkle,
shall I?
Can't we at least shake hands?
Part as friends?
It's not very convenient
at the moment.
Thanks for coming by.
(GASPS) Well, I... I...
(CLATTERING)
(WALLACE GRUNTING)
(BLOWS RASPBERRY)
(GASPS)
(SOBBING)
VICTOR: That's right,
my lovely.
You can say goodbye
to your fluffy lover-boy.
(GROWLS)
You gotta help me, Gromit!
Hide me. Anything.
Before it's too late!
Lad!
HUTCH: Your Lordship.
(GROANING)
(SNIFFING)
(MUNCHING)
(HUTCH YELPS)
Ooh!
Good night, Gromit.
(MUNCHING CONTINUES)
(GUN COCKS)
(GROMIT WHISTLES CATCALL)
Huh?
(GRUNTS)
(CHUCKLES)
(HONKS)
(BLUBBERS)
(SNORTS)
(GRUNTS)
(LAUGHS)
(GUNSHOT ECHOING)
(ALL GASP)
'Tis done.
(SOBBING)
My poor sensitive child.
Allow us all to share
in your moment of sorrow.
Yeah!
(ALL CHEERING)
On with the show!
Huh? What the...
Why you...
(PHILLIP BARKING)
(FIREWORKS BURSTING)
(PHILLIP GROWLS)
(CONTINUES BARKING)
VICTOR: Of course.
The vegetable competition.
Your loyalty is moving.
Sadly, you won't be.
Come along, Phillip.
Everyone's been looking
forward to a good show.
Let's see they get one.
(FIREWORKS CONTINUE BURSTING)
(GROWLING)
(PHILLIP LAUGHING)
(SOBBING SOFTLY)
(FIREWORKS CONTINUE BURSTING)
(CROWD EXCLAIMING
AND APPLAUDING)
(CLANGING)
(CHEERING)
(GUNSHOTS)
(ALL CHEERING)
Hooray!
Mr. Growbag.
I... I have a hunch
this'll be a night
to remember. (LAUGHS)
I just have a hunch.
All right. All right.
If we must do
this flipping veg show,
let's do it in an orderly
and law-abiding fashion.
Cucumbers,
give way to marrows.
Carrots, wait your turn!
Aubergines...
VICTOR: A-ha!
There's our bait, Phillip.
All we have to do now
is wait for our fluffy
friend to appear.
(EXCLAIMS)
(GASPS)
Look over here, everyone!
It's Victor!
He's here!
Our hero.
Please, sir, kiss my baby.
Another time, perhaps.
Kiss my potato.
Not now.
Kiss my artichoke.
Look, just...
Victor.
Campanula!
Victor, I have to know.
Did it suffer?
Of course not, my dear.
Not yet, anyway.
Victor?
Oi, you.
Constable.
Careful with them capsicums.
Listen, I don't want to cause
panic, but the beast
isn't actually dead yet.
The beast isn't
actually dead yet?
What?
(ALL GASP)
(LIGHT BUZZING)
(WIND BLOWING)
Oops.
(ALL SCREAMING)
To the competition stand!
(CREAKING)
(CLATTERS)
HUTCH: Cracking toast,
Gromit.
I'm just crackers
about cheese.
Monterey Jack. Ooh!
(BUZZING)
Smashing Wensleydale.
Whoa!
(BLUBBERS)
(WHOOPING)
Ooh!
Job well done, lad.
(CHUCKLES)
(BEEPING)
(ALL CLAMORING)
VICTOR: Quiet!
Quiet!
(FIRES GUN)
Now, listen carefully.
I've only got two...
I've only got
one gold bullet left.
So leave this to me.
(ALL CHATTERING)
Yes, all right, I admit
the beast is still at large.
But the good news
is your prize vegetables
are the perfect bait...
"Bait"?
VICTOR: ...and will draw
the creature
like a magnet.
But you must
keep perfectly still...
My baby.
VICTOR: Don't finch...
There, there, love.
It'll be all... Huh?
Don't even move a muscle.
Mrs. Mulch! No!
It's not getting my baby!
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Lovely food.
For rabbits, that is.
Come back!
(ALL SHOUTING)
(RATTLING)
Yes. Right on cue.
(RUMBLING)
WOMAN: Come back!
ALL: Come back!
(GASPS)
ALL: Go away!
That's right.
Come to Uncle Victor.
(WHIMPERING)
MAN: It's coming for us!
(WHIMPERS)
VICTOR: Bingo.
(GASPS) What the...
(GRUNTS)
Hurrah for Anti-Pesto!
It's getting away!
Get off, you stupid...
No!
Vicar, I need
more gold bullets.
They don't come cheap,
you know.
(WALLACE GRUNTING)
Victor? What are you doing?
I need it, my sweet.
Emergency.
TOTTINGTON: Victor, no!
Please!
Come, now, Campanula, let go.
TOTTINGTON:
But it's my Golden
Carrot Award.
This is hardly the time,
my darling.
Give it to me this instant!
But Victor!
Cheese, Gromit.
The Golden Carrot
belongs in the show!
No, the Golden Carrot
belongs in the Were-Rabbit.
Huh? (CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
(GRUNTS)
Every man for himself!
(YELPS)
Help! Help! Help me!
(VICTOR GROANS)
Put me down at once,
you great, big,
hairy thing, you!
Stop! Stop!
Mob supplies!
Get your angry mob
supplies here.
(PEOPLE SHOUTING)
Put her down,
you great ugly brute!
(BOTH SCREAM)
I'll bagsy the lucky
rabbit's foot.
(TOTTINGTON SCREAMING)
Help me, someone! Help me!
Yes.
(GROWLING)
(GRUNTING)
Huh?
No. No, no, no!
(SCREAMING)
(BLUBBERING)
Huh?
(HOWLING)
(ALL HOWLING)
(GROWLS) Hmm?
Grr.
(SCREAMS)
Put me down!
Put me down, you...
Whatever you are! Help!
(GASPING)
(PANTING) What is it?
What are you staring at
with those beastly eyes?
Huh?
(GROWS SOFTLY)
(GASPS)
Wallace.
(DINGING)
(GASPS)
(GROWLS)
Oh, Wallace.
What ever
have you done to yourself?
Well, don't you worry.
I'll protect you.
(DINGS)
(BOTH GASP)
Get your hairy mitts off
my future wife, you big brute.
TOTTINGTON: No! Victor!
You don't understand.
The hunt is off.
(STAMMERS) It's... We made
a terrible mistake.
Oh, no. You commissioned me
to rid you of Pesto,
and that's just
what I intend to do.
Oh!
Huh?
"Pesto"?
Why, you knew
it was Wallace all along.
(GROWLS) Oh, all right.
So what if it is
that blithering idiot.
(GASPS)
No one will ever believe you.
And if I can't
have your money,
I can still bag your bunny.
(LAUGHS)
(GASPS)
(WHIMPERING)
(SCREAMS) My eyes!
Run, rabbit, run!
(ROARS)
(GRUNTS)
(SCREAMS)
(WHIMPERING)
Hmm.
I rather like your hair
pinned back.
No, Victor, no! Stop! Please!
Victor!
Ha!
You can hop,
but you can't hide, Pesto.
(LAUGHING)
(YELPING)
(GASPS)
(ALL GASP)
Beware the moon!
Stupid interfering mutt.
Ha! (LAUGHS)
Huh?
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
(GASPS)
(WHIMPERING)
(ALL GASP)
Stand back! There may be
a large rabbit dropping!
(LAUGHING) Looks like
the buck stops here.
(ALARM BUZZING)
Huh? Oh.
(COINS CLATTER)
(CHUCKLES)
Ah.
(DINGS)
(CHUCKLES)
(SCREAMING)
(AIR HISSING)
(GASPS)
(LAUGHING)
(GULPS)
Eat karat, bunny boy!
(CHEERING)
(YELLING)
Potty poo!
(ALL CHEERING)
(ENGINE SPUTTERS)
Huh?
(GROANING)
(LAUGHING) No one beats
Victor Quartermaine!
Is that so?
Huh? (GROANS)
Consider yourself
dumped. (SCOFFS)
(THUDDING)
(CHUCKLES WEAKLY)
MAN: He's in there!
(ALL SHOUTING)
There he is!
Surround him!
There he is! Over there!
VICTOR: Phillip,
help me! Phillip!
Do something.
(GROWLS)
(SCREAMS)
Destroy! Drive out
the monstrosity!
(ALL SHOUTING)
Well, let's see
how he likes it.
Wallace?
(GROANING)
(EXHALES)
TOTTINGTON: (SNIFFLING)
Oh, Gromit.
Well, at least now
he's at peace.
The rabbit's gone.
If only there were a way
to bring back Wallace.
(SNIFFLING)
(SOBBING)
(ALL CRYING)
HUTCH: Hee, hee, hee!
Lovely cheese, Gromit.
(SNIFFLING)
Gromit?
Oh, don't forget
the crackers.
(SNIFFING)
(MUMBLES)
Cheese?
(GASPS)
Ah!
Cheese! (CHUCKLES)
It's me again. I'm back!
Gromit!
You clever mutt.
Well done, old pal!
(LAUGHING)
(ALL CHEERING AND LAUGHING)
Totty!
Wallace! You're... Oh!
Oh! Oops. (CHUCKLES)
Thanks, lad. Uh-oh.
Uh... Oh, look!
Well, I think
you deserve this, Gromit.
For a brave
and splendid marrow.
We've all got
a lot to thank you for.
WALLACE: Ah. (CHUCKLES)
Every dog
has his day. Hmm?
TOTTINGTON:
And thank you, Wallace.
You've saved me
from a terrible marriage.
All the same,
it is going to be
rather lonely
at Tottington Hall now.
(SIGHS)
Unless...
I have a little proposal
for you, Wallace.
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
I'm so thrilled you agreed
to go through with this.
Oh, my pleasure, Totty.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
One for the album, Gromit.
Huh? Oh.
I declare
this bunny sanctuary
officially open.
(ALL CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)
When you're ready, lad.
Fire up the old BV6000.
Oh, it's simply marvelous.
My home, a safe haven
for all things fluffy.
(RUMBLING)
I do hope you'll still
come visit, Wallace.
I'd rather got used to
having you around.
Oh! There'll always
be a part of me
here at Tottington Hall.
Oh.
Give it some more welly, lad.
(RUMBLING)
Cheese!
(GRUNTS) Ahhh!